Adds further instructions for caching with Redis. (#2033)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/caching.md

This service takes advantage of [cache-manager](https://github.com/BryanDonovan/node-cache-manager) under the hood. The `cache-manager` package supports a wide-range of useful stores, for example, [Redis](https://github.com/dabroek/node-cache-manager-redis-store) store. A full list of supported stores is available [here](https://github.com/BryanDonovan/node-cache-manager#store-engines). To set up the Redis store, simply pass the package together with corresponding options to the `register()` method.

> Note that the Redis service does not automatically shut down; you will need to enable shutdown hooks in `main.ts`, and add a hook to `app.module.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the Redis service does not automatically shut down; you will need to enable the [shutdown lifecycle hook](./fundamentals/lifecycle-events#application-shutdown) at application bootstrap, and add a hook to `app.module.ts`.
```

```typescript
@@filename(app.module)
import * as redisStore from 'cache-manager-redis-store';

> import { CacheModule, Module } from '@nestjs/common';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { CacheModule, Module, OnModuleDestroy } from '@nestjs/common';
```

  ],
  controllers: [AppController],
})

> export class AppModule {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export class AppModule implements OnModuleDestroy {
```
